Gwenevere Abriel: Should be Nicole Royal
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am and walked away thinking you were going to take a few minutes and I grabbed a salad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't want you to have to see me chomping
Nicole Roybal: On your fine. I was saying instance like 1001. I don't know. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: In here in my role.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Nicole Roybal: It was instead of the normal little screen, it gives me whenever I'm waiting for you. It said like
Nicole Roybal: That wait for you to open up the room, but then it also said if I'm the host for me to sign in and it's never
Nicole Roybal: Right. As soon as you texted me. I had left the room and went back into it and then it said it the right way that it always does. So I don't know, but like glitch Jeffers
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, something went sideways on that.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, my bad. So, so that you didn't see that I was there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me, but if you I think you test yourself with reaching out and finding a primary care. Did you have any success.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Well, I haven't chosen yet. I kind of want to talk to you about it before I chose. I was in a call them back after this meeting and choose, but so I got three names like you told me to.
Nicole Roybal: And one is that unit medical group. She has a weird name though it's sorcery posturing.
Nicole Roybal: Okay. And then there's a David striker and he's at infectious diseases in internal medicine. So I don't think I want that one. So I want to be around people that have infectious diseases.
Nicole Roybal: And then there's a Jeffrey Stephen, which is at Southwest medical associates.
Nicole Roybal: And the inner medical group. I mean, I think that'd be probably easier to really get there.
Nicole Roybal: Is here.
Nicole Roybal: Tonight, but that's a weird name, but I'd rather have a woman than a guy, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Depends.
Gwenevere Abriel: On this is just the start. We've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Nearby
Gwenevere Abriel: It's in your network, maybe
Nicole Roybal: Associates is in my area to like I could get to there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're identifying some things your own preferences about stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So that's great. Now, you don't know how the office is going to be, you don't know their availability, any of that. So,
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Pick one you call you see when their next appointment is to get just a basic, you know, physical, to see how you're doing and
Gwenevere Abriel: And and that's that's kind of initially right is we kind of hit or
Gwenevere Abriel: Miss unless you're talking to someone who you know who has a physician safe and because nowadays. I mean, it used to be. We had a family physician. This is someone we grew up with. And that just isn't the way the world anymore.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, the my family physician. I had growing up, he ended up opening. He's on methadone clinic.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, so I was like, oh, that's not what the services I need. Sorry.
Nicole Roybal: But I guess all of them are like easy to get to all three places are easy to get to.
Gwenevere Abriel: So which one do you want to and maybe I'll try all of them. Maybe I'll call and see which one has the soon as the appointment. Maybe that will be the one that tips the scale for you. Is there anything you wanted from me.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I guess not. I guess I just wanted someone else's opinion. I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't have one. I'll tell you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what people do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is they have a specialty and then they have
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say they have some some area in the hospital. They have some admitting privileges for a hospital, but they also have a private practice. So I wouldn't get too distracted with infectious disease that part of I get your whole fear piece on that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't get too distracted by their specialty. Sometimes people specialize, but they also have a general plaque practice as well.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, that's what the girl told me she's like, that's what the internal medicine parties. That's like support that you'd be there.
Nicole Roybal: How's it going to separate rooms. You put them all together.
Nicole Roybal: That's my question.
Nicole Roybal: So she wouldn't know that doesn't work there.
Nicole Roybal: But I was thinking of like looking up like reviews online and stuff, too, because that's always like a big thing that people say how, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it a smart.
Um,
Nicole Roybal: I love the internet because of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so that's accomplished.
Nicole Roybal: So happy. I finally did it, I was like, Oh my God, now I just gotta go ahead and do that part now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you pick one. You mean it's still a step you you just schedule an appointment. So the next one.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so once you set yourself a deadline for that.
Nicole Roybal: By the end of the week.
Nicole Roybal: Just to give me time to look up everything and all that. And then right after this. I have to go to my grandma's so
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to make a little note, hold on. Yeah, there we go. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So as of two
Gwenevere Abriel: Class.
Gwenevere Abriel: Obtained three
Gwenevere Abriel: PCP providers.
Gwenevere Abriel: And by end of week
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: A physical
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: A wellness exam kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: See how you doing, let him know about your substance use your penance on alcohol that's really the big pieces really wanting to make sure that all systems are good.
Nicole Roybal: Good to go. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Now, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: How have your emotions been
Nicole Roybal: A lot better now that I've been at home. Well, yeah, back home at the apartment, we've been getting along, really good. I don't want to jinx it though. Knock on wood, um,
Nicole Roybal: Living in fighting. We've actually been getting along and he's been treated me very next but the only thing I've been looking for as an apology for the week, talk to, you know, Austin.
Nicole Roybal: On apologize stubborn like my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, sometimes it's a matter of, would you rather have an apology or showing a different behavior.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, that's true, that's so he always tells me that he's not about words. He's about actions and he has been showing me by actions like being very, very nice. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're feeling respected.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Actually, I've been very happy my emotions and my cravings and everything have, like, just like
Nicole Roybal: gotten better, you know, and I haven't even been thing Bell clocks. I'm not around it.
Nicole Roybal: Just to give him a growler
Gwenevere Abriel: How much time you override his house and his place.
Nicole Roybal: Well, ever since Friday. I've been staying here, but I think tonight. I might go stay at my mom's just to
Nicole Roybal: Give each other that space again. So I don't want us to get to the point where we're fighting again, I just want to ease into it, I guess, make sure that we are good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So since Friday on Today's Wednesday since Friday. You've been staying over at his place. Yeah, or you've been at your grandma's
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, well, yeah, I sleep here and then I come back here at night, but in the daytime. I'm at my grandma's. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right now, when you say here that's boyfriend's house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And you notice that don't have as many cravings. When you're sort of staying away from moms.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, there's hot beer cans everywhere and people drinking around me.
Nicole Roybal: But those are things I have to like get used to access the world you know and that's, I know. Like, I'm still married early stages. I just feel like I gotta get used to being around people drinking
Nicole Roybal: Everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you get used to being careful to not go to bars go to
Gwenevere Abriel: You know yeah that's that's true and not true. You can be careful not to go to the same places.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, not everybody's drinking. Yes, it's at restaurants. Yes, it's on TV. Yes, it's in movies.
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: I can stop yawning my eyes water.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna make a little note on because I'm just now remembering
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think yesterday you said something about that you were at 1600 milligrams of the gabapentin. Is that right,
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: That's interesting relate them. I wasn't supposed to go down till
Nicole Roybal: You realize like, Oh, crap. I was supposed to done Thursday, but I think it was just like Monday is easier for me. I guess because it just helps my brain. Remember the beginning of the week. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to share my screen. Now this is something that the transcription is types based on what we were saying, but right here I thought
Gwenevere Abriel: So on 13th, you were taking 1800 I thought it on the 17 on the 25th, you'd be down to 1700
Nicole Roybal: Oh, crap.
Nicole Roybal: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: We went down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really fast.
Oops.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I could be wrong. I thought it was, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought was every week. Right.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Wait, so today is the ninth team.
Nicole Roybal: I'm using right apparently talk that I was taking we talked about that day I was taking 1700 already
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't know that now. Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. So basically, everything's yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. That makes sense. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so let's actually let me move this one cut paste. Okay, so we'll go up there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so that's clipping along. Excellent. And then, so you're going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the sleep.
Nicole Roybal: And sleeping good actually.
Nicole Roybal: I feel I always wake up like, once in the middle of the night. But that's, I don't think that will ever go away. I don't know. I always look up like around three o'clock.
Nicole Roybal: And I've always had that like even when I was younger, I always hold up in the middle of the night. It's weird. I can't like stays with the full eight hours that waking up one
Nicole Roybal: I'm kind of some nights all like night before last. I slept through the whole night I didn't wake up one sale surprise.
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: I've been sleeping pretty good every night. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Since I've been here.
Nicole Roybal: The apartment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I like to sleep and tell me about eating. What's your eating habits been like
Nicole Roybal: I've been eating.
Nicole Roybal: Normally like
Nicole Roybal: I don't eat three times a day. I usually eat in the morning and then like a snack in the middle of the day and I'll eat dinner.
Nicole Roybal: I've been. I've been eating. I figured out that I was, I couldn't eat before because I need to smoke.
Nicole Roybal: We literally be able to eat like even here. I was trying to eat, and I was just making me feel nauseous. And so I asked my boyfriend. If I could take a hit a block. So, Dad. And he's like, Yeah, go ahead. And then once I took that dad. Oh my god, I finished my plate like there's no
Nicole Roybal: But it sets that I need that to be able to eat but I figured out that I don't have an appetite, unless I smoke.
Nicole Roybal: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You started smoking it 12 as well.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Like 12 and a half, almost 13 but whatever. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't go into a big long spiel about it. But eventually, that is going to be a part of the discussion because you're just swapping
Gwenevere Abriel: One substance for another you're not as interesting, because you'll you'll use the phrase.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm clean and sober.
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are not
Nicole Roybal: Mean, off, off.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and proud of it. I hope you're very proud of it.
Nicole Roybal: But I am
Gwenevere Abriel: That that I'm clean isn't isn't really
Nicole Roybal: True, yes. Oh, well, I don't know. I guess I feel just because I've smoked weed my whole life. It's not really something that I've ever
Nicole Roybal: Used as a substitution. It's been something that's always been there. So it's like, just like even if I was drinking, if I was doing other stuff about the really bad stuff I was still always smoking meat on the side like it wasn't something that was just
Nicole Roybal: Added don't know just I'm kind of sick. It wasn't something that guy. It's just something. Is there something I've always smoked. It's something I've always needed, I guess.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I guess I do need it. Yeah, I just needed they needed to eat. So yeah, I needed.
Nicole Roybal: That and I get that don't look at it, something that access to other drugs with because
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole. Do you know
Nicole Roybal: Part of my life, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that there are, there's a large population of families that there's 1213 year old drinking and smoking marijuana is an urgent problem to be addressed.
Nicole Roybal: Why not, like, now that you taught me that about like how it stops the development of your brain and stuff. And so, like, yeah, I don't want to see kids smoking and drinking stuff, obviously, now that I know that, but I already did that with my life.
Nicole Roybal: So I'm already like
Nicole Roybal: What are you trying to say by that. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not fucked.
Gwenevere Abriel: The brain changes and grows, thank goodness you're not fucked. But what you run the risk of doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that 13 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: In some ways,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the one making decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the one that problem solves
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the psychological and emotional development that you're stuck at
Gwenevere Abriel: A 13 year old 13 year old making career decisions relationship decisions.
Nicole Roybal: Wonder. I get so overwhelmed with everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: 13 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not a 13 year old, but
Nicole Roybal: I know, but my brains.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not. You're not giving your brain a chance to grow. It's just keeps every time you kind of get some new information. It just sort of lets it go, it's not sticking
Nicole Roybal: It's very true.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're not fucked. That's not know what it is, is for you. It's normal. You have had substance use normalized a neighbor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down the street would be shocked.
Gwenevere Abriel: How could you let this happen. How could you do this. How could you let your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put poison into their body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not your family you adapted to your family environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are large populations of people that just don't have the same thing normalized that you do beer cans around not normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: For them it was for you though.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mother saying, well fine as long as your grades are good enough because she didn't know how to parent. Yeah. She didn't know what to do.
Nicole Roybal: I think it was just, I was going to do to their ways. She was like, Okay, no.
No, that's not that's not true.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's your parent. She did not know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: She decided to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep your grades up and I won't give you a hard time about smoking.
Nicole Roybal: I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: She didn't know what to do.
Nicole Roybal: Was also crazy cycle, kid.
Nicole Roybal: So I think I went, I would just
Nicole Roybal: If I she said, no, I would have went psycho on her and she knows a cyclic be so I think she was probably just like you're right, not being a parent just giving in
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you guys get to be psycho. You get to want to do all kinds of things, but you're not psycho out of the blue, you, you were trying to adapt to an environment, trying to make sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Growing up school band. A girl teenage girl. What, what's this, what's that you are doing your thing being a kid her job was to shape.
Gwenevere Abriel: The values that were important to her and the family.
Gwenevere Abriel: What she's
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing she's, she's drinking yourself what she going to do tell you to not smoke. She couldn't do it.
Nicole Roybal: I know that's what I think why I never even if she told me not to. I would just be like, oh, whatever you do it to like, why you can't tell me not to do this when you're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she did have the power, Nicole. She could have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: She got and
Nicole Roybal: That's and that's why I never respected what she said because of that.
I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you track it all the way back. And you may be tempted to want to make excuses for her and you are intelligent. So right, you've got that analytical mind, you can say, I wouldn't respected her. And so we had this agreement.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: But I guess I just said, No one likes to hear anyone talk crap basically about their mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm comfortable
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, but you're right, though, so that's where I'm just like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I get
Nicole Roybal: Actually, though. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do, I do. So the same thing that I'm saying to you, you did the best you could. So did she
Gwenevere Abriel: She literally. And that's why I keep saying she didn't know what to do. She didn't say, oh, I know the right thing to do. And I just choose not to do it. I don't think she knew what to do. I think if we analyze and kind of go another generation back or three or five or 10 generations back
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it ever taught
Gwenevere Abriel: About how how to raise children. We don't get this stuff taught to us. And I don't think she hadn't either. There's a reason why she's drinking
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And come out of the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's got stories. She's got her history that she's self medicating and it's been doing it for a while.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, that's very true. Well, you can hold two things at the
Gwenevere Abriel: Same time stops talk talking smack about my mom is disrespectful. You can hold that one. And you can say,
She failed.
Gwenevere Abriel: she failed to be a parent at times for you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's both. It's, it's, maybe, maybe it's even something. The third thing we're forcing
Nicole Roybal: And shows like many of us. I said, I understand why it was hard for there was five of us, not for us all together all kids going up. So she's probably just overwhelmed and my dad doesn't help. So it's just
Nicole Roybal: I guess I get
Nicole Roybal: That she's she still should have tried harder. But then she's drinking. So it's just like
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't have to do it. So notice that you're wanting to fill in the gaps for her and give a story for her but
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not here in therapy. She's got her life. This is a chance for you to be able to talk smack. All right, about mom and it doesn't get back to her. I don't call her up. And so you can't believe what she just said about you.
Nicole Roybal: Know, that's the one good thing I like about being here at the apartment is not my whole family is hearing all this
Gwenevere Abriel: Good point. Oh, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: He did that so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, that's going to inhibit you from being candid and open
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's flip it around. What are you grateful for your mom for let me hear the stuff that you're grateful for.
Nicole Roybal: I'm grateful that she didn't shy. I mean, she had all of us kids and I'm grateful that she did at least try to raise us and try to make sure we had food and stuff like that.
Nicole Roybal: Uh huh. And
Nicole Roybal: She didn't have to. She could have just been one of those drunk moms that just don't even care. You just here's 20 bucks, my pizza or like, you know what I mean.
Nicole Roybal: But no, she would still try to make us dinner or breakfast or lunch or whatever it was, you know, but I would cook a lot too. And once us
Nicole Roybal: Older kids got a little bit. I can to our teens, just like, Okay, you guys help out cook like I'll put the main dish you put the sides are sometimes we get cooked dinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stick with things you're grateful for.
Nicole Roybal: Shit, I'm sorry.
Nicole Roybal: Oh my god, I don't know. I do that okay I'm grateful for her always shine and her making us food am grateful for her working on the shimmer worked. Growing up, my dad worked. I'm grateful for her just dealing with me. So I was the worst time
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. We tell me what that means.
Nicole Roybal: I'm good are dealing with my attitude going to all the time as a school. I called her because I gave some teacher and attitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so slow down on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me a story. I remember when she had to come to school or I was sent home and my mom did this and this is an image I have of my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dealing with my attitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear that that story.
Nicole Roybal: In the school.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are just now you had stuff going on in your head. I want to hear one on
Nicole Roybal: Whoa, okay. So I would say that
Nicole Roybal: Jojo my attitude and especially because I always have my attitude at school teachers. And so she got called to the school multiple times.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on, hold on, hold on, that's a general one let me have one story about where that happened. I remember when
Nicole Roybal: I remember when okay I got in trouble. And she. This isn't the last time I got in trouble. This you showed up with crazy makeup and like she was wearing these like ugly purple like
Nicole Roybal: Are they calling one Baker pants and then should I put like a bag in her but maker, but look all funny and big does she look like a clown like shatter hair up all stupid like this.
Nicole Roybal: And you just and there's a copy
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I'm
Nicole Roybal: embarrassed me. And because she got tired of being called to the schools are like this time last year. And so after that I didn't trouble at school.
Gwenevere Abriel: I never
Gwenevere Abriel: I've never heard anybody do that parenting techniques.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta put that in my arsenal of options. I'd like
Nicole Roybal: Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go to one, the one before that. Let's go to the one before that.
Nicole Roybal: You're done with my attitude, a story about that or yeah
Nicole Roybal: We think
Nicole Roybal: Many times. He's like, Oh, I didn't arguments like a good one. I don't know. Okay. So me and my friends were trying to leave and it's not nighttime or daytime, but my mom said I couldn't leave and i'm just like No, blah. Yeah. And she's just like,
Nicole Roybal: Timing I can't leave. And she grabbed me by my arm and she's pulling me like don't like you're not going to leave and she does her nails into the back of my arm, and I felt the pain and just
Nicole Roybal: By reaction like reflex I slapped her. And I was like, I just stopped in my tracks null sec okay i won't leave and make her dealing with me and like I went into the room. Later, and like, like a letter and told her I was sorry and everything and
Nicole Roybal: Just her dealing with me. Like what stuff like that all the time like me acting crazy and wanting to leave in her not letting me and just
Nicole Roybal: We had to talk after that we will just I cried and apologized and
Nicole Roybal: Just like little moments like that like her.
Nicole Roybal: Accepting me and my craziness and then both of us apologizing for it later. You know, like just the little moment of us coming back together. I appreciate it and love. I will always remember that, you know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're wanting to is what we wanted to do to leave the house. What did you want to go do typically or all the time, or one time.
Nicole Roybal: Go out with my friends and smoke.
Nicole Roybal: For hang out and drink. I don't know, whatever. We're gonna go do
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that one where she put her nails into your arm.
Gwenevere Abriel: About what
Gwenevere Abriel: About what age were you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: If you didn't go out with those friends what might have happened to you if you didn't end up going out that night. Let's just say what was if you didn't go out with those friends, what would happen.
Nicole Roybal: I didn't go out with them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to another night if you didn't go out with those friends, what would happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's one time you stayed home. The other times you got your way. What would happen if you didn't go
Nicole Roybal: That there was a night when my friends went out and I DIDN'T GO WITH THEM, IF WHAT THE HELL events. We've changed that I wasn't there. Is that what you're asking here. What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: That's basically it. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little bit more metaphoric
Nicole Roybal: Like what happened like to me. I stayed home.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to keep it open ended. I'd like you to not question your response. Your answer is just fine. You're having to make sure you don't get it wrong is getting in your way, you're not going to get it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to get it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no wrong. There's just your answer whatever comes up for you is perfect. Okay, let's try it again.
Nicole Roybal: And I stayed home I probably would have
Nicole Roybal: just stayed in my room and watch TV and smoked by myself. I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: My friends would have probably been calling me all night and bugging me here. Yeah, let's go, let's go.
Nicole Roybal: Let's go free right now. That's what what happened. It just kept bugging me to go with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what you might might have done.
Nicole Roybal: snuck out and went with them.
Nicole Roybal: Probably since my friends are very
Nicole Roybal: Influential okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagine that you could have had more help from a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: With those influential friends, first thing that comes to mind. Don't try not to to edit this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or censor it really
Gwenevere Abriel: But continuing to call call call call call call call call call call. How could a carrot have helped
Nicole Roybal: My dad have a cell phone when we had the landline so she could have taken the landline out of the wall and took him the phone and
Nicole Roybal: What she had did before.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you wouldn't have been calls
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you would have
Gwenevere Abriel: stayed home.
Nicole Roybal: Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I don't get IS WHY SHE WANTED YOU TO STAY HOME YOU ARE ALREADY smoking in the other room. So help me understand why she wanted you to stay home.
Nicole Roybal: Because we're going to go out and party and go to a party at someone's house with under aged kids drinkers and
Nicole Roybal: All of us just having a little party, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. What was she afraid.
Nicole Roybal: Of a house party and me going to jail. And so
Nicole Roybal: Getting too drunk and guys are awful altered. You never know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So going to jail. And is this possible assault that could happen, which is she expressed her concern around that.
Nicole Roybal: No, I guess just like there was like stories of like girls getting raped at parties and stuff like that. So she was just scared about that, but I always had my big group of friends and we all protect each other. That never happened to me of all the parties. I went to that never happened.
Nicole Roybal: But she was always scared of that. And that's what she does lecture me on and tell me that's why she didn't want me to go shoot me she'd rather me stay at home and drink, drink the recency
Nicole Roybal: Majority of parents like my friends parents that growing up majority of them would say that it's okay if you drink is just stay home and dream because at least. You're safe here. It's like every parent
Nicole Roybal: Well, one would say that
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a huge group of people that just would be shocked by that.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. It's insane.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's what's normal so you you can register.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jail is bad, getting raped is bad. Those register from what your, your mom, at least. And what was your dad doing all this busy, busy just kind of gone at work.
Nicole Roybal: So always be in the room drinking watching TV. My mom was the main one that raised us and he worked. He would work in the morning.
Nicole Roybal: And all day Sunday because they own the cleaning business. So he just goes to work for a couple hours cleans the place gets paid
Nicole Roybal: Monthly. But anyway, so yeah, he would work at once, he came home from work, he gets to go and sit and watch TV because he's the one that works, and he pays the bills so he doesn't have to do anything when he gets home from work.
Nicole Roybal: Which is basically how fabulous he pays. He works he pays the bills. So he comes home and do nothing. Yeah. But now that he's been living like what
Nicole Roybal: Now that I had been gone for that month. And now that I came back, you can tell he's more independent is more like he'll make himself boot Hill clean up and like wash the dishes here and there. And I'm like, wow, it's a good thing. I love
Nicole Roybal: Your finally helping me with our apartment.
Nicole Roybal: But yeah, my dad, he was
Nicole Roybal: Never really active in the parenting. Growing up as he is now, now that we're all grown up now he's more like interactive, I guess, women stay with us, but it's like we're all grown up now.
Nicole Roybal: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you really respect what he has to say at this point.
Nicole Roybal: I do. But I realized, you made me realize that he has a lot to do with my insecurities and my
Nicole Roybal: Just a lot of my problems. He has a lot to do with it because I never had that relationship with him and I kind of do now, but he got all mad at me the other day. He was talking crap to me, tell me that I'm just like my sister, because I take my Gabba pension and I Suboxone
Nicole Roybal: And it like really hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that piece about
Gwenevere Abriel: The relationship with your dad. Again, that's a generality. Let me. I want to understand what you mean. How has. Tell me what you mean by that, what is
Nicole Roybal: Expected my wife.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Nicole Roybal: Just not having that relationship. Growing up not having my dad you
Nicole Roybal: Know, don't know, I guess. Talk to just, I don't know, just having that relationship. I see like other people with their dad their real close and
Nicole Roybal: I'm close with him now, but I wish I was growing up, just have that father figure because now I think with my relationships with my boyfriend's and even this way, friend. I mean, look what I just said. He's just like my dad.
Nicole Roybal: Right, and it's insane that us girls do that we seek out a person that is just like our dad. And it's because I think I've been I was seeking that relationship that I had with him, so I never had it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go back to this scenario. It's a little it's not going in the direction you were headed. But let's go back to this other scenario where
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to go out with your friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your mom says no, and your friends are calling calling calling calling calling
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to picture your dad doing something
Gwenevere Abriel: What could he have done to have been protective to have been nurturing your development and your gross and shared his wisdom. What could he have done.
Nicole Roybal: I couldn't with inviting time he would get in it if he had to get involved in hitting so
Nicole Roybal: I can't think of another way, he would react okay um
Nicole Roybal: I would just want both of my parents as a united front.
Nicole Roybal: To tell me
Nicole Roybal: Instead of just one
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. I like it. What would they come as a united front, what would be the message.
Nicole Roybal: Well, hearing it from both of them will definitely help like no you can't go out like Something bad could happen to you. You need to listen to both of us. We're your parents, not just I'm your we're your parents, you know, like
Nicole Roybal: I guess I may be whatever stepped in it more than maybe listen to more just knowing that they both Karen. Both are trying to get me to stop, not just my mom is just being a brat and doesn't want me to go out i don't know what i thought i don't know teenagers brat.
Nicole Roybal: That's okay.
Good to be back.
Nicole Roybal: Just, I don't know, I guess you're right. I did. I do wish I my dad was part of it.
Nicole Roybal: But like I said, every time I just thought about, I guess he was part of it if he was all he would just come in, you're not doing nothing like search throwing shit and
Nicole Roybal: And sometimes we did a painting mean and he I was always the main one. You guys hit you never hear anyone else. But I was always the one that get in the middle of their fights as well.
Nicole Roybal: The final about them. They don't fight anymore. It's crazy how much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the piece about you were having a hard time identifying what you would want
Gwenevere Abriel: From from your dad you were able to say it'd be nice if they both presented as a unified front.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense.
Nicole Roybal: Isn't I really realized that
Nicole Roybal: It was like that big of a deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself, just a second, though, to think adult and maybe something that
Gwenevere Abriel: If your dad was talking to your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: They were negotiating in another room, how to handle your defiance or something, whatever, but they're working it out before they get in front of you, before they talk to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you picture your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Recommending
Gwenevere Abriel: To mom.
Nicole Roybal: He was the one that recommended that whole good grades thing. That's the conversation. They had without me and then came to me and talk to me about it. That's what really happened. But how I would have wanted it to happen would be
Nicole Roybal: What
Nicole Roybal: I thought you said Sundance I am how I would want it to happen would be I would want them to say, well, she's getting out of control. We can't allow her to smoke weed and drink because look at us.
Nicole Roybal: We just
Nicole Roybal: There's really nothing they could have done. I was going to do what I wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't. So their hair can allow her to drink and smoke.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at us.
Nicole Roybal: They could have stopped.
Nicole Roybal: For all of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they could have stopped.
Nicole Roybal: That to my, what do I say I'll quit. If your dad quits. And then my dad quit. One day, this was like a year ago or a couple years ago and she didn't quit.
Nicole Roybal: So he started drinking it.
Nicole Roybal: I know they're ridiculous. He adequate for 30 days.
Nicole Roybal: I've been drinking for years. I was like, How did you do that, but I can't even do it again, still hard for me. I have to go on medication, anything you did it just like nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: I will choose to assume that he didn't
Nicole Roybal: Nearly as he said he wasn't. He was like, You look like it's more
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's intoxicated and there's making sure you've you felt it yourself before you go into the T's you're drinking not drunk, just making sure you have a little bit alcohol. I don't know what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for him to be have been on it for that many years. That's all I don't know what happened but that's that's let's put that over here.
Nicole Roybal: He's no okay well what I'm sorry, one more thing about that is Daniel
Nicole Roybal: He told us what he told me he's like oh my god your dream for years. He could go without drinking a few days because he's not actually not drinking. You just make sure he doesn't get you to junk such where everyone notices. Hmm, probably
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: You can't do that. But that makes sense. Sorry. That's like you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's maintenance. There's just like, Okay, I gotta just make sure I don't go into withdrawal and then there's when you're actually intoxicated and high so
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, but all of that is just so secondary to what you just did you identified, I would have liked my parents to have taken a look at themselves.
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Nicole Roybal: That's too hard for them to do even now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and will you do the hard work that it's going to take to not repeat another generation. I don't know. Or you might
Gwenevere Abriel: You've already started. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Oh no, I mean, obviously I don't want to ship the weed here, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, well, it's okay. Don't have to go. Just sit with it a little bit longer you we move very quickly right pop right off of it not sitting there with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Changing a generation of behavior isn't. It's not an easy thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you don't know what's different. You
Gwenevere Abriel: Only know what you have been exposed to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your people around you. Your influential friends like everybody was already doing what basically your family was doing
Nicole Roybal: There's no point
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: It is very possible that if you don't really look at having sort of a consciousness about it like
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a difference between rationalization, and I need to take a cold, hard look at what's healthy, you can rationalize you could have kept drinking. You could rationalize the whole thing. You could have kept it going
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, no, it's
Nicole Roybal: Good as rationalizing
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it with tobacco open my grandparents don't know. I'm with the we
Gwenevere Abriel: There they could possibly be an environment which you just said right when you're away from that exposure to the alcohol, the cravings go down there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are a lot fewer
Gwenevere Abriel: But you literally cannot imagine I'm guessing you wouldn't be alone a life without cigarettes and and marijuana. I bet you can't even imagine it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Terrifying because you got started so young. What you have put in place because you started so young.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go look it up. Statistically genetics and or an early onset of substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are some of the two high predictive factors of addictive behavior and chemical dependence. Later on, you have both and and continued environmental influence the battle that if you want to get into battle.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be fighting for health and you don't even know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've never even seen it. I like I might be full of shit. Maybe I'm a drink or maybe don't even believe me. I mean, you have no idea what this is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're, you can't even like even in conversation. You'll undo before it even floats from my mouth to your ears. The idea that someone might not smoke that you might not. But you can't even have it floating around, you're like above that will never happen. I don't want my
Nicole Roybal: Cigarettes. Yeah, I can imagine, but not lead
Nicole Roybal: I want you to imagine cigarettes, because that's like
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were a kid.
You had no business doing drugs as a kid.
That is
Know you needed to have been
Gwenevere Abriel: Into athletics academics activities, whether it was cheer or whether it was science or the arts or dance or music or whatever you're passionate about. That is what the reinforcement would be
Nicole Roybal: That's a such as I always wanted to be like volleyball and it couldn't be because my parents can afford it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you getting this week.
Nicole Roybal: Of stealing it from my dad or my friends will give me so. My parents never give me money, they never would give me and maybe two bucks for lunch, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: This conversation right here. We need to take a look at ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's Where's my daughter, getting the week. Oh, from me.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Exactly. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not that you don't have to go very far to figure this out. He could have taken a look at himself didn't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Put all the burden on mom mom is dealing with a limited. This is a pretty common phenomenon right dad's Working start to think we're trapped with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do the best I can. I don't want my daughter to actually go to jail or be physically assaulted. I'll do the next best thing. Just do this at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be deep down inside that both of them do know what's in your best interest, but it was too hard for them to take a look at their own behavior. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole over the next year 234 1020 however long it might be that you are the generation that takes a look
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you could be that same mom that rationalizes her little girl or little boy smoking at 11 years old at 10 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about how little your, your, so I
Nicole Roybal: Didn't think about that. Like I was still young.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're just a baby. Like for me, it's very hard. It's like hard because that's the heart now.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your body is a temple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know we put I gotta sneak in some healthy food, you've heard me touch on food. We've got to bodies this machine. We just treat it right and but your reference point is just so much rationalization that you grew up with.
Nicole Roybal: But then also. So a lot of my friends that
Nicole Roybal: Well, it's a couple of friends. I did grow up with that their parents were real strict on them. And they're like, No, you can't smoke and they'd have to like go around them and like I know it's like hide it from their parents and stuff.
Nicole Roybal: I realized those strands. Once they turned 18 and they were out of their parents like claws. They went crazy and start taking pills and start drinking and just try to take everything because they never got to, I noticed, like every single one of them did that people
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know what's going on in those homes.
Nicole Roybal: That's true. See
This
Gwenevere Abriel: I cannot begin. You want to put a causal relationship between
Gwenevere Abriel: Firm parents result in people acting out and then they overdo it later.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is the answer is not its opposite, the answer is, what's going on with that kid, what's going to work for that kid that family, you cannot see you're grasping at these extremes. It isn't how it works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole needed something you needed something you wanted to play volleyball. The money wasn't there. That sucks.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that hurts.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we sit with that and had your mom been able to sort of say,
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe we'll come up with a plan. Maybe all this money that I'm spending on alcohol and we'd almost start any 1000 different scenarios could have happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's go, let's go do some let's earn some money doing blah, blah, blah. It could have been a different solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get sponsors, whatever.
Nicole Roybal: I know you
Gwenevere Abriel: Aren't not disappointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around poverty. Right. That's a real thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's real.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: That needed to be contained and held and validated and and for you to have said, this sucks. Instead what we got to see if I was there was this rage at. Let me out of here. Are you just need to get out of this House.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And I get why
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to be that house. You don't want to be what that is. You want to get out. You want to get to hope and and my life will be different and all these other things that are outside of this House.
Nicole Roybal: There was a
Gwenevere Abriel: Lot of good things that happened in that home. There was a lot of sacrifice and there was a lot of love. Okay. It was there too.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the things that treatment asks clients to do is hard work. But if you because you give yourself a hard time on whatever your age is like, I can't see it right now. I have this expectation, I should be somewhere.
You're still stuck at this little 13 year old way of viewing the world.
Nicole Roybal: I think that's like I said before, I think that's why because like now that I'm
Nicole Roybal: Not sober. But now that I'm clean off alcohol. I'm seeing more clearly and I just feel like, like, yeah, like the 13 year old is now 27 and it's just like, whoa, wait. After they grow up right now. Like right now, if you get everything together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't you don't
Nicole Roybal: Want
Nicole Roybal: To do a final time. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to do it all at once you do the, the ones that come right after each other, each each new thing that comes up in the current one is this one. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't want to repeat what you've been doing in the prior generation, it will take some consciousness.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you take the easy road.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. The one where you don't, you can use rationalization many, anybody can do that. We, you could say, oh, what's the difference between, you know, a Tylenol and marijuana or what's the difference. It's still medicine. Still, it's, you know, you can come up with all kinds of rationalizations
Gwenevere Abriel: You only need to do the next right thing and for you today. It's probably something like
Gwenevere Abriel: Detox from a shame. I don't know what labels, you're doing to yourself right now, not an option.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just going to get up. I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Eat something nutritious and make sure I'm hydrated. I'm going to go spend giving back to the people that I getting something back at these people need me. It's nice to feel needed. I'm going to go be over there. I'm going to help my grandparents that feels good.
Nicole Roybal: Really does. So that's going to be needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to get all complicated. You're gonna be coming back here meeting with me on a regular basis will
Gwenevere Abriel: We get a little bit more solidification. I don't know what roller coaster your
Gwenevere Abriel: Boyfriend
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's this little thing that's happening right now. This every, you know, I don't know yet. I'm gonna watch with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But eventually you're going to feel strong enough that you're going to want to test out your confidence and volunteer or get a job. You're going to want to test it out. I'm guessing.
Nicole Roybal: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well then that's what we'll do. But you don't seem ready right now and that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: I want to be ready, folks. I need money.
Nicole Roybal: Within I don't want money. No, I think I'm pretty good at having money now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only need today. Get up, go spend time with grandparents, you're, you're on the job. Now you're getting more and more conscious. Now you're already changing the trajectory of generations to come. By addressing this alcohol. Now you're already changing it so proud of that.
Nicole Roybal: And thank you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, hardware.
Gwenevere Abriel: And harder to no one can take that from, you know, one that's
Nicole Roybal: We know how hard it is
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's meet again.
This today is Wednesday.
Can we do
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 on February 28th.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't remember if that was good. What if we do it the other way around. You want to do it earlier like at nine on a Friday, since you're spending time over there, which would be better nine or 10
Nicole Roybal: Will Fridays. Actually I don't go over there because that's when my mom is able to go over there is 28 to Friday.
Nicole Roybal: Nine or 10 is or what I don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's make it
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's make it 10 o'clock. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any medicine that you need me to kind of nudge the doctor about is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Connected to give you enough to get all the way to group.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I have enough
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you did great. I did a lot of challenging with you today and you you really held on to yourself. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Like I said, I always lose it. I like just go into this crazy story can't shut up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't go crazy story. You have a lot of stories. And actually, I do want to hear each one of those stories. Okay. I do want to hear them. They're there. And I want to hear them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's continue to unpack them I think next time. Again, I would like to unpack one and let's see if we can do some some decent aging around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's do a little bit about technique together if you can. I like where you were seated today was kind of like really clear video
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see if we can get those two objects centered about shoulder width apart right on the left and right of your phone. And let's see if we can do some of the bilateral stimulation. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, well, I'm excited about your day. So by the end of the week, we'll have a schedule for primary care physician. We've thought I'm helping grandparents out that's going to feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've got a relationship with your boyfriend is kind of cruising along nicely. Those are nice things to look forward to.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, actually content for the moment.
Nicole Roybal: Very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll meet again. Okay, I'll see
Nicole Roybal: You later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Howdy.
Erin S: Hi, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing well and yourself.
Erin S: Good. I've been frustrated. So I've been trying to figure out how to do zoom on my computer. And I think maybe have been looking in the wrong spot. How do I, how do I do it on my computer. I've been looking in the app store like I did on my phone, but I can't find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I see. Okay, I'll have to remember, I'm going to try and do it myself, because it's been a couple years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I can do it. It's a great question.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's become so automatic for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it though. I like your question. Let's see, we got
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is on a Macintosh and apple or different kind of PC.
Erin S: Yeah, it's a it's it's a
Erin S: Mac Book Pro.
Mac. How does it know that that
Erin S: Yeah, I was just looking on the internet because I couldn't find it in the app store, which is weird because that's where I found it on my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So listen, I just see. I don't know if this is it. We're kind of working it out here, but we're doing it together. I'll just kind of show you what I keep when I just popped up with was this guy.
Erin S: So let's see it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's you. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's free sign in host a meeting. So if you join a meeting and you plug in my number. I wonder what would happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a
Gwenevere Abriel: zoom.us meetings is what I see up here.
Erin S: https.us
Gwenevere Abriel: backslash meetings, you know, it's HTTPS colon backslash
Gwenevere Abriel: backslash is right.
Erin S: See if it pops up. Yeah.
Erin S: Just curious backslash meetings, you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, here I'm look right at the top.
Gwenevere Abriel: HTTP, HTTPS. Here I highlighted in blue right at the top in the search box.
Erin S: HTTPS. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: To backslash zoom.us backslash meetings.
Erin S: Okay.
Erin S: going there now.
Okay.
Erin S: Where did you see at the bottom and join a meeting or
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk. Go back to the top, you'll see, you see the zoom on the left and scroll over
Erin S: And you'll see invited. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what happens if that if that opens up a box for the ID.
Erin S: Number. It does that I can call you on that. Okay, let me try plugging in your meeting ID.
Gwenevere Abriel: And read it to 765 830-661-6132
Erin S: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might get a really awful beeping sound, you're going to want to get off that phone really fast. It'll hurt your ears, there'll be a reverberation. That happens of feedback.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be prepared to jump out of there. You're going to go. So it's going to be this beeping
Erin S: It's downloading something first. I guess.
Erin S: It's almost done downloading, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just gonna kind of go over to my database and open up a note, are you doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I also for next of Tuesday I went ahead and put you back in that time spot before it disappears.
Erin S: Oh, thank you so much welcome at
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 o'clock on Tuesday.
Philip quick
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a good thing.
Erin S: Yep. Lots of people to help
Gwenevere Abriel: You wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: What can you do take a picture of what you're seeing and text it to me. Maybe. Can I see which is happening for you. I don't know if I could, but
Erin S: I don't know if that works at all. I just turned around, um,
Erin S: It's i i think it. Well, I don't know why it won't let me press Continue here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe back all the way out and see if you need to set up an account first on there, or almost go to login. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably have a password that you're using for your phone that you probably want to log in there. It's the same account when I am on my phone or my laptop or my, my home base computer. It's the same account.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you may actually we may have jumped the gun. We may have wanted to log in. First, you may want to drop out of there and just go back to it login
Erin S: Did that make. Okay. Something's happening. Yeah. Yeah, it makes sense. Um,
Erin S: It's changing sites. So something your meeting should start in a few seconds. It says it's connecting so
Erin S: It says connecting so hopefully it's connecting. Oh, yeah. Something's happening. Join with video just like on my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prepared with the big noisy sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, good. So we got to there. And then so you let me just get you in the room. I see you
Erin S: Okay, I'll leave, he here then. Okay. Sounds good. See you soon.
Gwenevere Abriel: So down at the bottom. You want to hit stop video and that should bring the video online.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah,
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok ok let's check audio, video,
erinsmith: Can you hear me okay. Have you, I can hear you. Good. Okay, excellent. You hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can, and let's make a little adjustment only because today is very much me being able to see your eyes. You've got some backlighting going on. It might be nice to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get that a little bit.
erinsmith: Yeah, let me go somewhere a little darker. I'll just
erinsmith: Wait for the window.
erinsmith: Better
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what's funny is your, your videos better on your phone.
erinsmith: Interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you wouldn't think okay so this is what we'll do. I'm just gonna do a little bit of setup. I'm just going to show you share my screen with you just to get, get the eye, the eye movement part down
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do not want you to have eyestrain and it would be if you're you know how your eyes all the way over. That's too far. We want us
Gwenevere Abriel: Just nice and easy about a, you know, shoulder width apart. I'm going to show you this light, it shouldn't be too bad because you're going to be actually watching this light, and it's going to be no bigger than
Gwenevere Abriel: The width of your screen. You think this is about 15 inches. The screen.
erinsmith: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's just right. So is it taking up the whole screen.
erinsmith: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're going to do a couple of things we're going to look at the speed. And there's a couple speeds. I do one of them slow this one slow
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah, you don't need to see in between mostly just interested in getting all the way over to the left, all the way over to the right. That's a slow case for that's for sort of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Integration the weaving in or installing typos or some of the words I might use but for desensitization. A little bit more uncomfortable because it's faster. Mm hmm. But you always can say, I'd like to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: I find that really fast. Maybe we wanted to go that to that one go, one down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just making sure the head doesn't move. It's just the eyes. You want to be right in the middle so that they the bilateral I movements happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so uncomfortable that you won't want to do it and where it's strange. Does it feel like that's a good distance from the screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think so. Okay. And so let's have a will have a. You can do this if let's say I'm continuing there's second surpassing and you don't like what's happening. You don't have to know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to stop you can you can always walk out the screen because, you know, always taking care of yourself okay don't have to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do this. And a lot of times I'm looking at the bottom of my screen. And I'm watching the time because I want to put it at a set time
Gwenevere Abriel: But I can see out of the corner of my eye. If you did this and said, You need to stop. There are some times when let's say you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you're liking what's happening, you might be getting a memory or some little fragment of something that you haven't visited ever or for a while and you want to work your way through it. And you might say, keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because maybe I'm sorry, good for like 30 seconds or something less about what about how long they're not very long. Not long iterations.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm pretty sure you had said to me, You hadn't done FDR before or had you I can remember, help me remember
erinsmith: The just a little bit not too much. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so. Everyone's a little different. Mine has sort of this attachment focus piece to it. So you're going to hear me wanting to insert some positive imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: During sort of the slower iterations in general. What it looks like is we'll do the bilateral stimulation will kind of get our, our target.
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative cognition in mind, you'll have this image. And that's the desensitization part and then what I'll say is, I'll say let's help together an exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's your cue. You don't have to wait for me but I typically will say, Well, what's coming up for you. If you notice, you don't have to hear that. For me, that's what's next. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are tuning to yourself and seeing what's coming up. Sometimes it's a heightened escalation. Sometimes it's a decrease. I'm interested in what the body feels
Gwenevere Abriel: With a mind what it says a belief and emotion, all of it. Interested interested interested is not one is better than the other. I'm curious about all of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll feed what we do next, but they're going to be pretty short sort of comments and then I'll make a decision on kind of what to do next. And then we'll do another one each time. It's not our normal talk therapy thing. It's not back and forth talking
erinsmith: I won't be doing any
Gwenevere Abriel: Analysis of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want to get in your note here for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me just check in with you just basically good week tough week what kind of equipment.
erinsmith: Um, I would say it's probably more of a tough week that a good week. Um, I definitely use the skills, more than I had been in the past.
erinsmith: And I did notice that when I was having kind of the toughest times a while I've been trying to practice the skills.
erinsmith: It took me a few minutes to remember that that was something that I should have just done automatically. Instead of having, you know, panicking a little bit first.
erinsmith: Because I definitely spent probably five minutes in my head just honestly panicking a little bit before I remembered. Oh yeah, I have a skill for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Do you notice how you are an intelligent, highly educated woman right isn't let's take some respect for how powerful the threat response how powerful that is
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, it is it is it will take over. It will persevere to keep you alive and Seiko cost it that's it's only job. It doesn't know nuance it justice keep her safe. That's danger keep her safe. That's danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's so powerful and we can, I think we need to just sort of be in awe of it.
erinsmith: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Because, and I, but I was also kind of glad because in the past. I haven't necessarily remembered that I have skills for this.
erinsmith: And so it took a while. But I got there, and it was like, wait a minute. That's why I've been practicing these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's right, practicing them in low stress situations so that when heavy hitters come we're ready and will remember and the trickiest part is the remembering actually
Gwenevere Abriel: So just a little review that's normal that's there's too much of a flood of the amygdala, it's cutting off the ability for the message to get all the way to the prefrontal cortex.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just getting cut off. So did you happen to use breath as one of your ways to to calm the body so that you could remember some more skills.
erinsmith: That was the first thing that I did was the breath. And then I tried doing the room.
erinsmith: The room that we've created.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how far did you get as far as being able to work through your panic in that room. Did you get in there, didn't, didn't fit for you what happened with that part.
erinsmith: No, it definitely fit. I got in there in it spent some time there.
erinsmith: Until I was feeling better, really, and then came back to the real world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so you went there as a refuge. It sounds until he felt better than came back out. Okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you didn't, I didn't hear you say that you went there felt better and worked it out. Okay, this is going to be my plan. These are my resources. Let me summon in, you know, what do I need to do to problem solve, I'll do it in here. So it was
erinsmith: Okay.
Well,
erinsmith: I guess I think I just, I went there until my brain started working again.
erinsmith: I guess wasn't really
erinsmith: And then
erinsmith: Once it slow down. I figured out. You know what I needed to do to address the situation, but I don't, I can't say that I figured that out in that room. I feel like mostly I was there just to make everything stop racing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'd like to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to hear if you don't mind, because oftentimes things that are being triggered current day have some link either to the past or to fear the future. They can be relevant. So may I hear a little bit about what the story is what got you to panic.
erinsmith: Yeah, they just goes back to my need to please people and worry about being kind of a perfectionist so
erinsmith: I had a complaint at work, I had this dog a seven year old golden retriever who eats everything last weekend.
erinsmith: Um, and she ate a couple rocks and um we did surgery on her. Um, and the rocks are actually pretty close to the colon. So I just moved them into the colon. Because once everything's in the colon, it'll come out.
erinsmith: And I could feel it in the colon and I opened her stomach up anyway, just to make sure there wasn't a rock in there as well. There wasn't a rock in there.
erinsmith: I didn't push the rocks all the way out through the colon because they had a little bit of a jagged edge and I didn't want to tear anything because then I have a dead dog.
erinsmith: Um, and so I just left them for her to kind of poop out naturally. And they, you know, didn't take an X ray afterwards to prove they were in the colon because
erinsmith: I could feel them there. And I know they that's where they were they, I mean they were anywhere else it anyway, um, the dog did great.
erinsmith: Went home the next day doing well, came back into a different fit five days later for vomiting again and had a rock in the stomach.
erinsmith: I'm the owner was convinced that I had left a rock there and just was really upset that you know we didn't take it out and the dog ate another rock between the time I saw it in
erinsmith: Surgery, but I can't prove it, because it was just me there. You know, I, there is an X ray from another vet.
erinsmith: After surgery that shows both rocks in the colon, but it's, I should have. I should have just pushed them all the way out and they anyway um I don't like I don't like getting complaints and I don't like when people get upset and you don't like feeling like I just wanted somebody. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't like the complaints and a perception of disappointing someone. How do you feel when you're around someone complaining and a perception that you disappointed them. What do you actually feel
erinsmith: Panicked
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I need to know more about that panic. Where does it live. What happens to you.
erinsmith: Well, my brain starts to race my face gets really read and hot. Um, I feel like I can't breathe very well my breasts or less than my belly and more in my chest and really shallow. Um, it feels pain in my chest. It's all kind of up above the diaphragm where I feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, hi.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any presence of
Gwenevere Abriel: Dizziness
erinsmith: No, I don't think so. I definitely disassociate though. That's when I start to and honestly I don't always remember everything from them when I start to get panicky
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's a piece. So you're yeah you have that
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got fully operational break and it breaks, maybe a little too hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go into right like us, like the rest of us. We elevate the heart rate, I can't fight this person can't run. And so it breaks too hard, and then you go to this association go way into this almost a mobilization part and off you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, all right, I got you make sense. You got a very smart body friend take care of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: My brain race.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to do. I'm just a couple little pieces of this and then I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Run out of the room for just 60 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let me check in and how you're doing right now. What does stress level are you at now 02 hundred
erinsmith: 30 not bad. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah 30 I think we can still think you can still think straight right now. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you noticing any awareness of increased tightness in the chest. Is it living there. Is it landing there. Is there anything going on in the upper part
erinsmith: A little bit. Luckily, I've had a little bit of time with this and work, you know, some stuff out. So it's not. And it's nice knowing exactly what I felt. You know what I so I don't feel like I'm making things up and trying to remember and can't so
Gwenevere Abriel: you're noticing you're feeling productive right now. Is that right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me remind you there's no way to do this wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you perfectionist of mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to remind it a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so tempting to want to please right neither good patient. Nope. I want you to be my worst. I want you to be my most difficult. Okay, you get all that wiggle room all of it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a peek into
Gwenevere Abriel: That memory. It's not too far back, and this this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look underneath the racing thoughts and check and see what the belief about yourself was they're hard to find.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just free associate just kind of hear your own voice talking until we land on one that seems like it's true.
erinsmith: Well for me, I think it's that I feel like I am a phony, and I'm an addict and so I have no room to make mistakes. And if I do that, they're going to find out that I'm no good at this and they're not going to let me do this anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll take this thing that is your passion love this will take it away.
Gwenevere Abriel: What just pay attention to your body, see if anything landed with that.
erinsmith: My shoulders slumped a bit
Gwenevere Abriel: That's typically that were defeated goes with those slumped shoulders that what that was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you've got some really nasty thoughts about yourself in there. Good golly, but so powerful that insight.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's amazing. You can find that that that phony part that labels a useful one. I want to do. I want to work with that I'm an addict. You've got a label. I'm a phony have an addict, they find out right. I don't have any room to make a mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they'll take this thing. I love
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll take it. It'll be taken from me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very powerful ME CHECK IT ON HOW YOU DOING,
erinsmith: I'm doing okay.
erinsmith: Okay, are we have three
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it go up from 30
erinsmith: Little bit like 42 that
Gwenevere Abriel: I would invite you now while I
Gwenevere Abriel: go use the restroom really quick to get rid of some of this hydration gotta stay hydrated don't know if it's connected to my
Vision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do some of the diaphragm matic breathing and I'd like you to visit visit your safe place what room that we developed while you're breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just sort of hold that
Gwenevere Abriel: That negative belief in there. See if it wants to stay in that room or maybe you want to leave it outside the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of using the mind breath.
The body.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll be checking in with you and see how you're doing. See if there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Any production of distress.
erinsmith: Yeah, yeah, that always helps bit
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd also like to bring back up into awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of your resources. I want them readily available and easily remembered so that we can
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go there without invitation. You can just get a hold of them bring them into your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: As opposed to feeling helpless.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the distress and having to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be unconscious right having to dissociate that you have this other alternative
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing in this awareness, maybe even in this room with the blue great bands little horses and the L and
Gwenevere Abriel: The grandmother Willow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just all of the pieces that you've actually developed from your creative mind in that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are smart and you brought it all cohesively together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any modification. Is there any change to these this team of of resource that I can write down that sounds like let's change this pretty much exactly the way I said it. Okay. Yeah. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do first some
Gwenevere Abriel: Some positive installing let's have a positive experience. In other words, we're going to these iterations are going to be really slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I'd like to do is have you share screen here.
Gwenevere Abriel: May not get the instruction and all I'm ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring up those
Gwenevere Abriel: Qualities of protection and nurturing and wisdom, bring them into your awareness. Make sure they match and land honestly and concurrently with your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure they're very present with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's just kind of have a nice slow
Gwenevere Abriel: So just watching this light going left and right, but your work is to hold them in your awareness just really be present with the qualities of those protective nurturing and wise figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remembering also to freeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together, have a nice nourishing inhale and then exhale it. You ready, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a sense of the quality of these
Gwenevere Abriel: Figures very present with them.
Mm hmm.
erinsmith: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the next piece. I'd like to do is I want to just do a little. I'm not going to do it for very long because I want to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: See how you do
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to do a little bit of the desensitization. So this one. So a little bit faster. I'm going to make the movement, a little quicker and you're going to be holding up
Gwenevere Abriel: This incident that happened with the
Gwenevere Abriel: The lab right that swallows of rocks is the worst part of it for you. You don't have to announce what it was just get that in your mind, the worst picture of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a phony. I'm an addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like you to hold those in your awareness. This is desensitization. You're not going to hear you can do whatever you want. But do these two pieces at least pull up the worst piece first picture of that. And then I'm a phony. I'm an addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to what
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes up for you, but try to hold them in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: A short one. Let's inhale together. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
erinsmith: Well, the thing that came up that hadn't come up before was trust so worrying that people aren't going to trust me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to go with that people, people aren't going to trust me. Hold that. Worst Picture that image in your mind, people won't trust me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mouth push it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and gentle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice
erinsmith: So there's also some thoughts about how I don't trust other people either. Well, it all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't trust other people well at all. Really, especially at work. We're going to go with that pull up that WORST piece of course picture and I don't really trust other people, neither
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing together nice inhale into that belly. Get that that error down in that belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale it out, push it all out very intentional.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing about consciousness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: To drift away.
erinsmith: A little bit. Actually I drifted away from
erinsmith: Well, I mean, because in the past, whenever I've made a mistake, it ends up really poorly. And so I just am terrified of making mistakes and then that makes me drift away a bit
Gwenevere Abriel: If I make a mistake, you will end up terrible
Gwenevere Abriel: Me check in on that one a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a new. Is there a new
Gwenevere Abriel: Story coming up for you. Is there a new memory that you're referencing
erinsmith: Yeah, just in the times of the times in the past when I've made mistakes in bad things happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: At work or elsewhere.
erinsmith: At home, usually
erinsmith: Not at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the beliefs about yourself around this this memory.
erinsmith: That there's no room to make mistakes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't make a mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: One to 10 how absolutely 10 it's absolutely true. How true is that from one to 10 I can't make a mistake.
erinsmith: Like a nine. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your home, whatever that image is that you're picturing
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to believe about yourself.
erinsmith: That mistakes are part of learning.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of person.
Believes
Gwenevere Abriel: That mistakes are part of learning. Wonder what I wonder what that person believes about herself.
erinsmith: That she's free probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Try on I'm free.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come true is that different scale one to seven sevens absolutely true. I'm free.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is that right now.
erinsmith: Three probably
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm free hold that in your awareness. It says free hold it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that picture of there's some home memory. I made a mistake and it was terrible. That's your picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what it is. But you get to hold it and I'm free.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into that lower long, and then exhale. When you're ready, all of it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, getting all that air out all the way to the bottom nice flat belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a moment of quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to an inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Using this insular part of the brain that knows how to look at itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what comes up.
erinsmith: That those two things seem contradictory, the memory of
erinsmith: Mistakes ending poorly at home and being free. It just seems really country take on predicting children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Must
Gwenevere Abriel: Add the presence of your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Close your eyes and be present with that quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: If being in that room is the way the quickest way there.
Gwenevere Abriel: With all of the qualities of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wisdom and nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you have that in your creative mind. Hold it there and we're going to visit this contradiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that picture that WORST piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am free.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're ready, open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a lot to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst image I'm free and surrounded by all of your resources.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice if anything shifted in the body, pay attention to what went through your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the emotions just turning inward.
erinsmith: I imagined using that one. Did the room to turn the memory into a bubble and popping it and then I felt free and more relaxed. It worked quite well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can let's keep that going. I'm going to just slow this down a little bit want you to go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: first picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with what you just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prays together through the nose deep belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you finding now.
erinsmith: Feel much lighter and more in power, I guess, more in control.
erinsmith: That I can just turn something like that and do away with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is it I'm free from one to seven seven is absolutely true.
erinsmith: I probably go with like a five and a half six 5.5
To six
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn now to your imagination and turn to your, your resource figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if there's something that they can do to add to your confidence right to the, the truth of I'm free. See if they have something maybe you'll notice there's one you want to ask or
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see what comes up for you if you were going to access
Gwenevere Abriel: The qualities of this resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone knows something, what's
Gwenevere Abriel: How can we use these resources.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like to hear a little bit of your stream of consciousness, what are you
Gwenevere Abriel: As running through your mind.
erinsmith: Well, I can hear the owl kind of saying that it's just in the past, and it's not real anymore.
erinsmith: Which is helpful.
erinsmith: And I Great Dane is always there to be protective. If anything,
erinsmith: At home ever happens again.
erinsmith: That's pretty much what
Gwenevere Abriel: We're
Gwenevere Abriel: wanting you to evolve, develop and grow.
erinsmith: I
erinsmith: Think they wanted me to be a little bit more gentle with myself and understand that mistakes are going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who amongst them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is congruent.
Gwenevere Abriel: absolutely does.
Gwenevere Abriel: And says the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: No hypocrisy.
erinsmith: All of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one would you like to ask about
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you learn
Gwenevere Abriel: About learning in a gentle way.
erinsmith: Horses
Gwenevere Abriel: You ask in order to get that information they they've lived it. They know how to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: To ask them what's pocket. You get that information, somehow.
erinsmith: I guess you could ask them, how do you forgive yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to use that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you forgive yourself. Once you picture sort of asking that. And that WORST piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the dog or at home. My apologies. I think it was at home I were working with either one.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you forgive yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That negative image worse picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: What's happening for you.
erinsmith: Relaxed Laura at ease more accepted against
Gwenevere Abriel: more relaxed more accepted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that matching
Gwenevere Abriel: The body, are they
Gwenevere Abriel: In congrats.
erinsmith: Yeah. They are my diaphragm feels relaxed. I feel like I can get the air into my belly pretty easily my hand. Nothing's clenched everything. Everything feels for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take this this bit of time right at the end. This pacified quite quickly and kind of walk back through the memory, just from this session and
Gwenevere Abriel: See what remains as far as what was important for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To happen here today.
erinsmith: Or me. I think it was orient to be less judgmental both of myself and others. Um, and more accepting of mistakes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's something you thought about before. I wonder what's different about today. He thinks different
erinsmith: Feels more real, I guess. Um, it feels like there's a way of doing that now. Whereas before it was just acknowledging it
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you actually do forgiveness today, or did you get close to it. Did you do. Did you forgive
erinsmith: I think I got close to it. I think I forgave the what happened. You know what the dog. I'm
erinsmith: And I'm working on anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gold tongue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So forgiveness is a piece of a progressive healing, it's, it's something you've known intellectually
Gwenevere Abriel: But was maybe reserved for other people. But you, you just need to be perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you're you've dipped your little toe into
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's possible for you to
erinsmith: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to continue what we're doing and pick up around this concept of forgiveness. And let me just check in with you and see
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything still charged left in the body right now.
erinsmith: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What about the the technique itself and maybe your expectation of it, how it was. If there's fine tuning. You want me to do something where you can
Gwenevere Abriel: give me feedback. So anything you need to change.
erinsmith: Great. It was much better than what I had done before the setup that you do is is great, it, it's much different, and much more helpful. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so glad I'm so glad
Gwenevere Abriel: Well then let's let's continue to see it as as a resource for us when we need it. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've already got you scheduled for next
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday, February 25 at 10am
erinsmith: Perfect, thank you so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome. I'll see you soon.
erinsmith: Okay bye everyone.